You will need......
Ice, rock salt and a drink of your choice.
We used Cola.
Remember that normal salt will not work here.
First off, remove the lid and remove the cylinder
from the blending chamber.
Add a layer of ice...
and pour some rock salt over the top.
Keep layering the ice and salt until you reach
the top.
Put the cylinder back in the blending chamber
and clip the lid in to place.
Flick the switch to freeze.
Pour your beverage in to the square indentation,
this will ensure that the liquid goes in to
the right compartment.
Keep going till the liquid reaches the max
fill line.
Leave the Slushie Maker for 15 minutes or
longer depending on the consistency required.
We found that after about 20 minutes the mixture
is a thick as it's going to get.
Click the button to dispense, turn the dispenser
handle making sure you turn your glass to
ensure it fills evenly.
Whatever recipe you try just remember not
to be too shy with the rock salt.
And if you're making alcoholic drinks add
your alcohol directly to the glass and not
the Slush Maker
So that's it.
We hope this has helped if you're having difficulties.
Stay tuned for future how to videos.